Add example notebook for Document Retrieval Evaluator (#276)
Azure-Samples/azureai-samples: scenarios/evaluate/Supported_Evaluation_Metrics/RAG_Evaluation/README.md

 1) end-to-end RAG evaluation (system response) using [Groundedness](http://aka.ms/groundedness-doc) and [Relevance](http://aka.ms/relevance-doc) evaluators and;
 2) document retrieval quality using [Document Retrieval](https://aka.ms/doc-retrieval-evaluator) evaluator for advanced users who can curate ground truths for retrieval.

To support RAG quality output, it’s important to evaluate the following aspects using RAG triad metrics:
 
•	Retrieval: Is the search output relevant and useful for resolving the user's query? Strong retrieval is critical for providing accurate context. 
•	Groundedness: Is the generated response supported by the retrieved documents (e.g., output of a search tool)? The consistency of the response generated with respect to grounding.
•	Relevance: After agentic retrieval and generation, does  the response fully address the user’s query? This is key to delivering a satisfying experience for the end user.

This tutorial includes two notebooks as best practices to cover these important evaluation aspects:

> - [Evaluating a RAG retrieval system end to end](https://aka.ms/knowledge-agent-eval-sample): Complex queries are a common scenario for advanced RAG retrieval systems. In both principle and practice, [agentic RAG](aka.ms/agentRAG) is an advanced RAG pattern compared to traditional RAG patterns in agentic scenarios. By using the Agentic Retrieval API in Azure AI Search in Azure AI Foundry, we observe [up to 40% better relevance for complex queries than our baselines](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/Azure-AI-Services-blog/up-to-40-better-relevance-for-complex-queries-with-new-agentic-retrieval-engine/4413832/). After onboarding to agentic retrieval, use evaluating the end-to-end RAG system with [Groundedness](http://aka.ms/groundedness-doc) and [Relevance](http://aka.ms/relevance-doc) evaluators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Evaluate and Optimize a RAG retrieval system end to end](https://aka.ms/knowledge-agent-eval-sample): Complex queries are a common scenario for advanced RAG retrieval systems. In both principle and practice, [agentic RAG](aka.ms/agentRAG) is an advanced RAG pattern compared to traditional RAG patterns in agentic scenarios. By using the Agentic Retrieval API in Azure AI Search in Azure AI Foundry, we observe [up to 40% better relevance for complex queries than our baselines](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/Azure-AI-Services-blog/up-to-40-better-relevance-for-complex-queries-with-new-agentic-retrieval-engine/4413832/). After onboarding to agentic retrieval, users should evaluate the end-to-end response of the RAG system with [Groundedness](http://aka.ms/groundedness-doc) and [Relevance](http://aka.ms/relevance-doc) evaluators. With the quality evaluations, users can perform "parameter sweep" to finetune and optimize the parameters of the agentic retrieval pipeline.
```
